README.md, before:

# Hey there!

This is a basic app built with React to explore this framework and test its capabilities. If you'd like, feel free to fork it, npm install it, and enjoy!

## Goals:

### First Sprint:
Create a fully interactive and error-proof ToDo app. Simple as that—no crazy features, just the ability to add, complete, and delete tasks. (Done!)

### Second Sprint:
Focus on making the app aesthetically pleasing and responsive (WIP 16-09-24).

---

## Upcoming features to add:

- Add a calendar feature and assign a date to each task, so you can navigate through it and display specific tasks based on the selected day.

- Build a user and task database, and develop a backend. (I'll be using NestJS, Express, Sequelize and PostgreSQL for that)

<br/>
<br/>

**DISCLAIMER**: *The main reason I’m diving into this is because I find programming really fun and rewarding. I’m a SysAdmin/DevOps professional and I’m working on building my coding skills to eventually become a Fullstack Developer.*

Commit message:

Calendar implemented. App can fetch selected date. WIP

README.md, after:

# Hey there!

This is a basic app built with React to explore this framework and test its capabilities. If you'd like, feel free to fork it, npm install it, and enjoy!

## Goals:

### First Sprint:
Create a fully interactive and error-proof ToDo app. Simple as that—no crazy features, just the ability to add, complete, and delete tasks. (Done!)

### Second Sprint:
Focus on making the app aesthetically pleasing and responsive (Done! -- Responsive is working on horizontal mode smartphones)

### Third Sprint:
Adding a calendar and displaying tasks depending on the selected date (WIP 16-Sep-24)

---

## Upcoming features to add:

- Add a calendar feature and assign a date to each task, so you can navigate through it and display specific tasks based on the selected day.

- Build a user and task database, and develop a backend. (I'll be using NestJS, Express, Sequelize and PostgreSQL for that)

<br/>
<br/>

**DISCLAIMER**: *The main reason I’m diving into this is because I find programming really fun and rewarding. I’m a SysAdmin/DevOps professional and I’m working on building my coding skills to eventually become a Fullstack Developer.*
